Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
Leaves exactly 30 days.
I'm not thrilled about
this in the least, but-
- Thanks for the vote
of confidence, Bruce.
But I was going to
say, if you'd let me finish,
I do believe in you, and
I know if you concentrate
you can get this.
I do not need a pep talk.
Which, by the way, you are terrible at.
I've got the ending all figured out.
I'm gonna do the work, no sweat.
I'm just gonna cruise.
At least you can
give me a hint at what-
- No spoilers.
You'll be happy, hombre.
Trust me.
That's all I can do.
Please don't screw this up.
Arabella?
Now, seriously.
Stay in touch.
Will do, Bruce No-chillis.
Talk soon.
Jesus.
Hey.
You need a hand?
No, I got it.
Thanks.
You on the road somewhere?
Are you staying close by?
Just traveling.
See ya.
Marin?
Thank God.
What is up, girl?
Yeah, I'm alive.
Yeah.
No.
It's not as bad as I remember.
My mom apparently had
it cleaned or whatever.
Well, yeah, I'd love to have
you here, but the whole point
of total isolation is so that I could...
Yes.
I even had my mom canceled
the TV and the internet.
He what?
He literally texted you that.
What a monster sack of douche.
You what?
That is the perfect gif.
It's definitely less
personal, but still has
those angsty elements.
Yeah, it's got that vibe for sure.
The elevator pitch is that
it's about a bucolic girl
who goes to the big, bad city,
finds some roommates online,
and then just when she starts
fitting in, they go missing,
and she becomes a suspect
in their disappearance.
Yeah, I have a few ideas for the ending.
Nothing concrete.
Nothing good.
Yeah.
I probably have to lose my mind a little
before I can think of
anything halfway decent.
Yeah.
"Shining"-style.
I hope it goes well.
Wow, man, I...
Thank you.
I needed this.
I'm gonna try again.
Love you, girl.
Bye.
Come on, you dumb idiot.
Write.
Something.
Come on.
Fuck this.
The fuck?
Hi, are you okay?
Oh, sorry, I'm Eban.
I'm staying nextdoor.
I really didn't mean to freak you out.
I'll go if you're...
Nextdoor?
The next cabin over, it's like
an acre and a half that way.
I heard something last night, but...
What?
Huh?
You said you heard
something last night, but?
Oh, but I was too lazy
to come check it out.
Plus it can be creepy as
hell out here at night.
Mm-hmm.
But why are you here?
Nextdoor, I mean.
Oh, come every summer.
Since I was a kid, I used to with my dad,
we kept the place.
And you are?
Arabella.
So what brings you all the way out here?
Work.
I'm trying to finish something
without any distractions.
Oh, this is definitely
a good place for that.
But if you need a signal,
you can actually go-
- Yeah.
I already found it.
So last night, did I hear you...
Don't worry about it.
I had a nightmare.
I freaked myself out.
About what?
You can help me, though.
Sure, what's up?
I'm kinda out of gas.
Do you have any?
I mean, I don't have
any, but I'm about to head
into town in a little bit.
I could pick you up a couple gallons.
I have a container.
That would literally save my life.
Literally?
I don't know why I said that.
I hate when people say that.
I'm just being funny, but yeah.
It's no problem at all, Arabella.
Do you have like a nickname?
No.
Why, you don't like my name?
No, I love it.
It's just, you know, kind of a mouthful.
Okay.
Well I just have to take
care of a couple things
and I'll get you that gas,
unless you need it right now,
I could...
No, it's fine.
Whenever.
I'll be here
Okay.
I'll see you in a bit.
I can give you some cash.
Hey Bruce.
What's up?
They what?
But why would they...
You what?
But we agreed to send
them the completed...
I spent it all.
If I could kill the
messenger right now, I would.
No.
It's fine.
It's not.
I'm leaving.
Well, as soon as my car...
It doesn't matter.
This place, it's...
Nevermind.
Just tell them to sit tight.
I'll get you this damn draft.
Yeah.
Bye.
You made it.
I did.
Is it-
- Yeah, it's just on the
inside of the door there.
Seriously, thank you so much.
It's nothing.
So how long are you gonna be here for?
Well, I'm actually leaving right now.
That's why I kinda needed the-
- If I knew you were about to blow town
I never would have gotten this for you.
No, really though, what's the rush?
I just need to leave.
I need to get the work I
finished back to my editor.
I...
What?
Oh, Jesus Christ on a fucking cracker.
Do you have a spare?
I think so.
It looks cut.
You don't have any like
enemies around here, do you?
I haven't been here since I was 12.
Well, I bet you were a
pretty spunky 12 year old, too.
Classic victim blaming.
Pop the trunk, will you?
You've done this before, right?
Yeah, like once.
All right, mountain man.
Can I help?
Probably.
So what's the verdict here?
The jack can't grip the car without
sinking into the ground.
It's all the rain we've had.
It's mush.
Probably gonna have to call
for a tow out to the main road.
Super.
I'd call for one for you now,
but I know how they are around here.
You're not gonna get anybody
out this far till morning.
No, it's okay.
I'll call myself.
Do you have-
There are emergency numbers inside.
Well, if they're out
of date or something,
I'm just like a five minute walk that way.
Do you...
What?
Nothing.
You sure?
Yeah, everything's fine.
Maybe I'll come say hi in the morning.
Thanks again so much for your help.
If something is, I don't
know, wrong, you can tell me
Everything is peachy keen.
All right.
Well, like I said, I'll be there tonight.
- See ya.
- Bye.
Thank you.
About time.
You're fucking dead.
They said you're the smart here.
What do you want?
Arabella, listen.
I don't want to hurt you.
I just needed to make contact with you.
Why?
I think we can help each other.
What do you mean?
I know this is beyond lunacy,
and it took me a long time
to even remotely understand
what was happening to me.
But here I am.
And I've been waiting for
someone to connect with.
I don't understand.
Come sit here, please.
I'll tell you everything I can.
Sit, please.
Oh, sorry.
I won't that anymore.
Arabella, look.
Whatever you heard
about me, it's not true.
I didn't kill myself.
So how did you...
Someone did this to me.
We have to figure out who.
But why do you think that I...
Because we have something that binds us.
Our minds, our art, the written word.
But I really don't understand
what you're saying, Vivian.
I know you're having a rough time here,
and I can help you.
How?
I have an idea.
Okay.
I know how to end your book.
I can finish it for you.
And in exchange...
You want...
For you to find my killer.
Find proof of what they did.
But why?
Because once my name is cleared,
then I can finally move
on to the next plane.
That is what I've learned intrinsically.
I need them brought to
justice in some way.
Then I'll be free.
Spiritually, astrally, metaphysically.
I need to transcend this form.
Move on to the next.
I'll be free of this place.
You died here.
No one fucking told me that.
I don't think my mother
wanted your mom to know.
I think she just, she was ashamed.
So...
Where would we start?
And then?
That's the problem.
I can't remember any details after that.
I think the memory's repressed.
Stuck, floating, helplessly,
my decent body subconscious.
There was a brief flicker.
Still very cloudy.
But I remember looking down at myself.
My freshly dead body.
My eyes were wide open, staring at me.
There was a frothy mixture of blood,
regurgitated chemicals oozing of my mouth.
An empty bottle of Drano still clutched
in my limp, lifeless hand.
Whoever arranged it,
they knew if I was found
with nearly a gallon
of Drano in my system,
it would be an open and shut case.
But I think he poisoned me before that,
to get me to pass out.
And look.
Defensive wounds?
Exactly.
They never heal.
Because they didn't heal in life.
If police procedural shows
have taught me anything,
it's usually the husband or the boyfriend.
You're right.
But I wasn't married and
I didn't have a boyfriend.
But you must've been dating people.
Of course I was.
You're probably right.
You can't trust men, ever.
Ever.
Okay.
So was there anyone in
particular who seemed...
We'll start with the timeline.
You were living here.
Two years up until my
murder, summer of 2018.
Right.
My side of the family, my mother,
said that your mom and Uncle
Tony could have the place
because we weren't taking
family trips anymore.
What'd they say about me?
Who?
Aunt Anna, your mother,
your side of the family.
Just that you were
like, really talented,
and you spent a lot of summers
in Europe with your dad.
That's why I didn't see you.
And?
And...
Troubled.
That so?
I mean, just that you
were like, you know,
having a really rough time with...
I honestly don't know.
I channeled my pain into my art.
It's what we do.
My first book, I...
It was fairly silly.
Not much death, but that's
what people liked, I guess.
You're selling yourself short, kiddo.
There's a lot of personal meat in there.
Tasty morsels.
It's what people liked.
You've read it?
I was proud.
I'm even now.
Proud of me?
But I haven't seen you since I was a kid.
Doesn't mean I didn't
follow your life, your career.
I want to help you, Vivian.
I do.
I just think we need to
be completely transparent
with each other.
I agree.
So why have you been
scaring me the past few days?
To be able to make a true
contact with a living person,
it has to happen incrementally.
All right, why not just leave
a post-it note or something?
Because they don't give you
a goddamn instruction booklet
when you die.
Trying to figure this shit out each day.
Same as you.
Sometimes I'm here.
And other times I don't
even know where I am.
I'm sorry.
No.
It's okay.
We'll just take it slow.
Vivian?
Thanks.
Anything good?
Jesus Christ.
I'm so sorry, Arabella.
You can't do that.
I know, I'm sorry.
I can't always control when I appear.
I guess that's the right terminology?
You were the one that
cut my tire, right?
Made it flat?
Yes.
I needed to keep you here.
So you can move things.
Objects, I mean.
If I try really hard
There are other things.
I think I can change shapes.
I don't know.
Maybe even inhabit another person's body.
Sometimes, I appear in different forms.
I guess depending on my mood.
Okay.
Do you have a phone I could see?
Your actual texts would be
the best place to start.
I don't know where it ended up.
Are you sure?
Cross my heart.
We'll go from the most
recent to the older ones.
Who's Richie?
Nobody.
An art dealer I knew.
Did he have any interest in you?
We need to look at all the-
- He's gay and harmless.
What about Chris?
He's 80, next.
Not leaving any pebbles
unturned, even geriatric ones.
And you never had any friction with her?
No.
She was always kind to me.
Hey, we're making good progress here.
Don't get discouraged.
Okay, so can we talk about my...
Here's how I see it.
You have this rich layer set up.
Real nice neo noir, with
a sharp feminist lens.
But...
But I've painted myself into a corner.
This is not how I see it.
Do you like any of the
three paths I came up with?
No.
We're gonna get meta with this.
Irma can't find any answer
from conventional means.
So on a whim, she goes to a psychic
that she passed on the street.
And this mystical elderly
woman has a bevy of info
on her roommates.
She knows where the spirits are located,
and Irma has to go down a
metaphysical rabbit hole
to find them.
We switch genre two-thirds in.
This will throw your readers off.
Get a lot of them in a tizzy.
And I promise, the
payoff will be worth it.
Your handwriting...
You mean your handwriting.
Don't ask me exactly how.
I just think about your assets,
and this is how the words come out.
Who's this guy?
Great.
God dammit.
Hello?
It's kindly neighbor, Eban.
Gas savior.
All-around swell dude.
Hey, you're alive.
I'm also glad to see that
you are still breathing.
Everything good in the hood here?
I mean, sure.
Super convincing.
That's me.
No, everything's fine.
Thanks for checking in.
Okay, cool.
You have dinner yet?
No.
And are you hungry?
Well, as you can plainly
see, I brought food.
Do you want me to cook you
a tasty-ass meal or not?
That's a bit weird.
You know that, right?
And you know I have weapons.
My dad got me a taser for Christmas.
Hmm.
Festive.
And pepper spray, it's
right on the keychain.
City life, huh?
Okay.
But promise not to murder me?
Too easy.
I just couldn't hack it,
the whole nine to five
or six or seven thing.
And I firmly believe now that marketing
is just another term for
making people buy useless crap.
It was killing me, my soul.
So I left that world altogether.
You had something lined up, or...
Well, technically I
was fired, but you know.
I figured if I downgraded significantly
I could give the woodworking a real go.
I left my studio apartment in Clifton.
It's a bit more of a populated town.
It's not that far from here.
Do you know it?
Anyway, then I moved here
to my family's cabin.
So it's working out for you.
Well, to be perfectly honest,
I'm living off my savings,
but we'll see.
How'd you get into woodworking?
My father taught me.
He's a real master.
He's known as Eddie the
Green County Wood King.
I just really love the idea of
making something from nature,
you know?
Wait, I thought you said
you come here every summer.
I did.
And I do.
I'm just here on a bit more
of a permanent basis now.
Mm-hmm.
Look, it's not exactly the kind of thing
you brag about to a pretty girl.
I don't like compliments.
It wasn't, it was just
a clinical observation.
So you like your chicken
grilled and healthy
or fried and crispy and delicious?
Fry me.
Oh my god.
This is so good.
All right, come on, your turn.
Just so damn juicy.
If you don't tell me about your books,
I will throw the rest of this poultry
out to the damn wolves.
Wait.
There's wolves?
Maybe.
Come on, Arabella.
Okay, okay.
My first book...
God, I hate talking about this.
It was just a personal account.
A lightly fictionalized
version of the whole
millennial experience on
what it's like after college,
with all the contradictions.
With that cushy net they have
worked so hard to cultivate,
just to be ripped out from under you.
My voice resonated with my peers.
It's funny.
I'm funny.
I forgot to tell you.
I'm glad you did.
Now I know to laugh at you.
So what's this latest one about?
Well, it's more of a
straightforward narrative,
like an old time mystery, about a girl
whose roommates go missing.
I like that, sounds pretty interesting.
Yeah, I just have to figure out the...
Jesus.
God damn.
My heart.
This place is falling apart.
Probably collapse on me
in the middle of the night
and finish the job.
Before the wolves even get the chance.
Will you shut up about the damn wolves?
So what were we saying?
Really, I don't want to
talk about work right now.
Will you just let me
enjoy this damn feast?
Fair enough.
This one is from what I was 12.
Skateboarding accident.
15 stitches and everything.
Ouch, you dork.
Shut up, I was good.
Kind of.
Okay.
Believe it or not...
This one is from sailing.
Pretty boozy of you.
Oh, this one is good.
It's pretty faded, but still kinda gross.
From a blackout night at college.
I have no memory at all how I got this.
What'd I miss?
Sorry if that one was too gruesome.
No, that one was lovely.
Ah, merci, madame.
Okay.
Do you want to see a weird one?
I love that movie.
I can't believe you know Fellini.
What, I don't seem cultured to you?
No, it's just that,
you know, most people-
- Are blithering, uncouth
idiots and I'm one of them.
No, I was going to say that most people
know "Dolce Vita," but "Cabiria"-
- I'm messing with you, Arabella.
I just love her character.
Such a badass bitch.
Yeah.
With those like amazingly expressive eyes.
Kind of reminds me of you.
Now that is a compliment I will take.
I'll check it out.
Ah, damn.
What?
A bird, it must've flown into the...
I'm just gonna use the
bathroom really quick.
Shit!
Did you do that outside?
Get rid of him.
Why?
He is a distraction from our work.
Oh, Jesus, can't I
have dinner with some-
- You're getting drunk and wasting time.
Well did you ever think
that maybe he was a suspect?
I don't remember seeing him, so no.
Really?
You don't recognize your
own nextdoor neighbor?
Fine.
See what information you get from him.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
I just have a weak stomach
for that kinda thing.
So what were we talking about?
Oh, the film.
Right, yeah, I just
really liked the ending.
Yeah.
So tell me, why did
you really move up here?
What do you mean?
I told you.
Okay, you quit or got
removed from the rat race.
But why all the way up here?
It's really so far away from society.
It's free.
I'm just figuring things out.
Okay.
And you said it's been in your
family for like, generations?
Well, my grandfather bought it.
Yeah.
Like I said, my dad and
I would come up summers,
my mom too sometimes.
What's that like, genuinely fun?
What?
What are you like, trying
to get character research
for your book or something?
No, I'm just interested.
It's getting pretty late.
I should probably get going.
Oh.
Yeah.
You know, wolves out there were.
Will you shut up about the damn wolves?
But let's hang out again soon.
Yeah, for sure.
Maybe you can cook for me next time.
I do owe you.
Okay.
Right, see you around.
Yeah. Thanks again.
Real smooth, Colombo.
That's at least better.
I'm kinda getting the hang of this.
I'm gonna go back to the computer.
You just keep writing.
Hey, how's it going?
Great.
You want to trade for a minute?
This is good.
This is even better.
Vivian!
Oh my god, I'm so sorry, Arabella.
I can't.
I have to leave.
Please.
Please, don't leave me.
This can't happen again.
- I'm sorry.
- Ever.
I swear.
I won't let it, I promise.
Hey.
Hey, I wasn't gonna come so soon,
but when I was leaving last night,
I noticed that your tire is still flat.
Did you not call for anyone?
Oh, I...
That completely slipped my mind.
You were borderline
desperate to get out of here
two days ago.
That's true.
Okay, crazy.
Well, the ground feels a little firmer.
I could give it another shot.
Maybe save you the cost of the tow.
That would be sincerely amazing.
Thank you.
That's it?
Kinda feel like you did
it just to prove you could.
All right, I gotta go.
Wait.
Thank you.
Anytime.
Like I said, you ever want to stop by,
I'm just five minutes that way.
Yeah.
Bye.
Vivian, are you here?
I'm coming.
Wait, how far from the cabin can you go?
Just around the periphery of it.
Good to know.
Before we start today-
- Yes.
Last night.
I think the pain's still inside me,
and manifests in ways that
are rather unpleasant,
but I am really learning
how to control it.
Okay, that's all I-
- Thank you, Arabella, from
the bottom of my heart.
Okay.
So anyways, as you saw,
these are the main contenders
for America's next top murderer.
That's from a reality TV show?
Anyways.
What do you know about this Gerard guy?
Sounds so familiar.
I can't see him.
Not in real life.
All right.
Do you know his real name?
I don't know.
He was a fan.
Maybe of my books?
He was definitely that.
I get the vibe he was somewhat
obsessed with your writing.
With you.
Like, he copies your same
style of tweets or whatever?
Wait.
Yes!
This is sounding very-
- Do you think he was maybe obsessed
with like becoming you in a way?
I'm gonna keep digging.
What the fuck?
Hey stranger.
Oh.
Hey, how are you?
Not too shabby.
I realized I hadn't been
around in a while to annoy you,
so I figured I'd say...
So that's your style, huh?
Kiss a girl, have her
waiting around for you,
trying to get them to pine over you?
Hey, you kissed me.
You're such a dick!
I'm just kidding.
I've actually been really busy.
Plus I wasn't sure exactly
how to approach the...
Look. I said you could come
visit me, you never did.
I didn't want to come off as like,
I don't know, aggressive or something.
Whatever, it's fine.
I've been busy too.
So you're almost done with it?
Yeah.
I actually have to get back to it,
but we should have dinner
again sometime soon.
Absolutely.
I'll totally let you cook for me.
You're supposed to
cook for me this time.
It's fine, I'll do it.
All right.
- See ya.
No, that's actually very helpful.
Do you happen to have a
forwarding address or...
Great.
I'm getting really close.
Our buddy, Gerard, pretty much fell off
the face of the Earth after your death.
But I got him.
You mean you located him?
Mm-hmm.
Apparently he was
heading out, which hello,
is suspect as all shit to begin with.
But then...
Jesus.
Yeah, a goddamn palindrome.
Can you be any more cliche?
It's been active for the last six months.
Well, he hasn't posted
anything the last few weeks,
but it's him, I know it.
And guess what?
The geo tag on his last
tweet, six miles from here.
And this page has the idiot's full name.
Gerard Phillip.
You got him.
And you?
Home stretch.
- Really, and it's-
- It's good, girl.
It's goddamn good.
Less than 50 pages or so to finish.
To solve the mystery.
Yes.
I need to get him this
check and I don't have
the new address on file.
If you could give me
his actual phone number,
that would be the best,
so I know it's going
to the right place.
Yes.
Yes I can.
Take your time.
Oh, hey there, girl.
There you are.
What are you doing here?
I'm just being neighborly.
Now I started to think I
wouldn't see you again.
Then I spotted your vehicle.
Okay, well, me and my boyfriend
are really busy right now,
so I'll see you-
- Oh, come on.
We're friends here.
No need to tell fibs.
You're the only one here.
That's pretty fucking obvious, no?
I'll call the police right now
if you don't get the fuck off my property!
Oh, whoa, whoa!
Look, listen, I'm the good guy here.
Just making sure you're okay.
We're all alone.
In the middle...
What the fuck?!
Creep.
Jesus Christ.
I can't.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, I'm fine.
Thank you.
I have to get out of here.
Me too.
Hi, my name is Marcy Adams.
I'm calling for Gerard Phillip.
Is this he?
He what?
I'm really sorry to hear that.
Can you tell me when this happened?
Can I ask you one more thing?
Do you know if he was living
in Clifton during 2018?
What?
Oh.
Sorry to disturb.
He didn't do it.
What?
Gerard.
He couldn't have done it.
What do you mean?
He was in jail for stalking,
either you or someone
else, but he wasn't here.
Vivian?
Vivian.
Please.
I need you.
This isn't over.
I will find out what happened to you.
Please.
Vivian.
I know you can hear me.
I am begging you.
Help me.
He, what are you doing?
Just trying to protect myself.
Are you all right?
Not really.
Arabella, what happened?
I heard you screaming.
So you think I'm crazy, right?
No.
I don't.
I just don't know what to-
- Got it, you think I'm a lunatic.
Don't.
It's just a lot to take in.
What?
You really didn't know her?
No, I honestly never met her.
And you didn't hear?
Of course I heard about that.
- Everybody did.
- Right.
Hot.
It's made with boiling water.
It happens.
So I've heard.
You can blow on it.
So do you believe me or what?
I do, I do.
It's just a lot...
You mentioned.
All right.
Let's look at what you can do now.
Okay.
You said the book is
almost finished, right?
And that's all you really
need out of this situation?
Yeah.
So just finish it.
You've got one more day left.
Yeah, but I don't know how.
The new plot she devised,
it's so intricate.
There are all these new
characters and setups.
Only she knows how it's
really supposed to end.
As it is now...
It's literary gibberish.
- Damn.
- Yep.
Come on, you're a good
writer, you can do this.
Yeah, but you don't understand.
Because it's from someone
else's mind, I can't grasp it.
I just can't.
Okay, well what about this?
Why don't you just send it in
as is to meet the deadline,
and then that'll buy
you some time so you can
come up with your own
ending in the meantime.
If I don't send them
the completed draft,
they'll make me give
back the full advance.
Okay, that sucks, but so?
I've spent it all.
I have nothing left, and
that means they'll sue me.
That sounds a bit dramatic, no?
That's how it works.
They've all given me a lot of rope...
To hang myself with.
Jesus, you're grim.
Okay, I have an idea.
Why don't you just take some time,
try to clear your head,
and maybe something
will come to you.
Doubtful.
I'm gonna go back to my
place and give you some space.
But I shall return with
the necessary ingredients
to make you a glorious
final sendoff feast.
Whatever, Spice Bay.
Ouch.
Really dated reference.
My mind is mush.
I told you.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
I'll see you tonight.
Come in.
If you make any sudden movements,
I will pepper spray the shit out of you
and tase you to the brink of death.
If you lie to me again, I'll do the same.
Understand?
You knew her.
Why did you lie to me?
I swear on my life I never met her.
Then why did you make these?
I didn't.
Eban, I'm giving you one more
chance to tell me the truth.
My father did.
For her.
What was his name?
It's Edward.
Eddie.
What are you talking about?
Why?
They were having an affair.
They were apparently in love.
How do you know this?
My mother found out.
One weekend when we were all up here,
like two and a half
years ago, I heard them
fighting about it.
And he killed her to shut her up.
No.
And you've been covering for him.
- No.
- Then what!
No, Arabella.
She really did kill herself.
I dunno if you knew this about her,
but she had some severe
problems with depression,
and she became kind of
obsessed with my father.
She was threatening to kill herself
if he didn't leave my mother.
Look.
The night it finally happened,
I was up here with my dad, and I heard her
come in to the cabin,
Vivian, and I heard them
downstairs fighting, and
then she left screaming
that she was gonna get
vengeance or something.
But that doesn't-
- My father was with me
the rest of the night.
She must've come back
here, drank whatever poison
she wanted to implicate him with,
and given herself the cuts like you said,
then finish the job with the Drano.
I guess the police always knew
it was just that, a suicide.
It's true.
Shit!
I swear to you, Arabella, the
memory of all that was erased.
But now I can see it all.
I feel different now.
I feel free now.
I feel lighter.
I also feel darker.
Your father, your blood.
And you, you would dare to leave me here?
Eban!
Go.
What?
I know how I'm gonna end my story.
- Oh yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
Should we get a motel?
Yeah, good idea.
Let's just put a couple more
miles in between us and...
So what's this ending going to be?
I guess I can tell you, but don't post
any spoilers or anything.
Cross my heart.
Okay.
So the main character Irma
is basically being gaslit
by everyone around her.
She's not crazy.
Her roommates that went missing
are just playing some sick game on her.
They do it to all the new
roommates that move in there
to try to make them feel insane.
It's a metaphor, for trying so desperately
to fit into society that's so self-hating,
it turns its malice on you.
That's something.
Well, it's gonna be a lot
better than I just said,
but you know.
I'd probably go in
a different direction.
What?
You thought you were just
going to leave me there?
Huh?
I told you, Arabella,
depending on my mood,
I can appear in very different forms.
Thank you, Arabella, for
freeing me of the prison.
What?
As I said, I was chained to that place.
Now that you solved my
mystery, I'm free to leave.
To transcend to the next plane.
Or...
Or what?
Oh.
Or stay right here, you silly goose.
Hey Bruce, have I got an ending for you.
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull